this is an exploding fire extinguisher
and here's why you might want one
there's a polystyrene shell on the
outside but on the inside an explosive
combined with a whole heap of dry fire
extinguishing powder yes I said
explosive cuz as soon as I throw this
into that fire the explosive is going to
trigger blasting that powder in up to a
60t radius the main advantages being
that one you can just place these in
high-risk environments and know that
they will extinguish any fires before
you even know about them and then two
you don't even need to go near the fire
you just Chuck it in and you wait for
the action oh God it's happening
wao my God subscribe for more explosive
revolutions